Add `The Followpoint: Eriha, Top Drum Basher` news post (#11498)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-06-03-the-followpoint-eriha-the-drum-decimator-of-osu-taiko.md

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Eriha, the Drum Decimator of osu!taiko"
date: 2024-06-03 11:00:00 +0000
---

> Read up on the latest interview with [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), the osu!taiko #4 player and the best drums clicker.

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the latest interview with [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), the osu!taiko #4 player and top drums clicker.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-03-the-followpoint-eriha-the-drum-decimator-of-osu-taiko/banner.jpg)

Welcome or welcome back to The Followpoint, a "community spotlight" series where we interview various players and community figures to get to know them better!

> We are once again back with a third interview of a special set of players, namely the very top of each game mode, this time featuring [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), osu!taiko rank #4 player and [TWC2024](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) champion!

Author: ```suggestion
We return with our third interview in a special series focusing on the top players in each game mode. This time featuring [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311), osu!taiko rank #4 player and [TWC2024](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024) champion!
```

> If you find the these insights from top players interesting, you might also want to check out [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-06-the-followpoint-mrekk-the-osu-standard-prodigy) and [YesMyDarknesss](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-28-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-master-of-osu-catch) interviews!

Author: ```suggestion
If you enjoy these insights from top players, be sure to check out [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-06-the-followpoint-mrekk-the-osu-standard-prodigy) and [YesMyDarknesss](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-28-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-master-of-osu-catch) interviews!
```

> Although it cannot be said that good play in Taiko no Tatsujin is proportional to good play in osu!taiko, the top players in Taiko no Tatsujin are often the top players in osu!taiko!
>
> For example, players such as [_yu68](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6170507), [1RoHa_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4632503), [kotohira_06](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22444525), and [supesan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14623658) are both top players in Taiko no Tatsujin and in osu!taiko!

*To finish things up, what does the future hold for you? Do you have any goals or anything else that you'd like to mention?*

> I would like to keep playing this game for fun first, and I also have a goal to fill all my BPs with more than 900pp.
>
> In mapping, I also want to create maps that players will enjoy and support a variety of mappers!
> It may be a distant goal for me, but I would also like to reach a position where I can manage the entire gaming community, so that all players can enjoy playing the game!

---

Huge thanks to Eriha for joining us and answering these questions! Once again, I hope you as a reader enjoyed this interview as well. <3

> Please look forward to the next interview with osu!mania #1 player, [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406), which will be posted in two weeks! I'd like to remind that you can also have a look at our [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) while waiting for a new interview. Who knows, maybe there will be some early looks into future interviews or even exclusive questions that were not included here. 👀

Author: ```suggestion
Stay tuned for our upcoming interview with the osu!mania #1 player, [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406), which will be posted in two weeks! In the meantime, don't forget to check out our [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) for updates. You might even get some early glimpses of future interviews or exclusive questions that didn't make it into the interview. 👀
```

---
layout: post

> title: "The Followpoint: Eriha, the Drum Decimator of osu!taiko"

Reviewer: alternative title since "drum decimator" is an actual user title (and we might want to avoid the overlap)

```suggestion
title: "The Followpoint: Eriha, Top Drum Basher"
```

very open to suggestions

Let's get started!

---

*Let's start with an introduction, how would you introduce yourself to people who don't know you?*

> Hello! My name is Eriha and I'm Japanese. I'm 18 years old. My current global ranking is #4, which is also my peak rank.
>
> I participated in the recent TWC2024 as a member of the Japanese team and became the osu!taiko Champion. Many of you know me due to my PP Record during the previous SR system!
>
> I'm currently working with Project Loved Captain and was a Beatmap Nominator for a year in 2022-2023. I'm not positive about returning to BN activities due to my busy college schedule, but I would like to have a job in the future where I can support the mapper's activities.

*How did you get introduced to osu! and what was your first impression of it?*

> I found osu! 4 years ago when a std player friend recommended it to me. I have been playing Taiko no Tatsujin since I was very young so my friend told me that taiko mode is the best for me.
>
> When I first installed osu! I was very impressed by the fact that I could play with my favorite songs. I play osu! on my laptop more often than I visit the arcade. That's how big an impact osu! had on me.

> *Why did you choose to play osu!taiko of all gamemodes osu! has to offer?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Why did you choose to play osu!taiko of all game modes osu! has to offer?*
```

> > I wrote all that in the above question lol, I thought the taiko mode was suitable for me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> I wrote all that in the above question lol, I thought the taiko mode was suitable for me.
>
```

> I think my mind was more taken with the idea of drumming than clicking circles, picking up fruit, or hitting the keys.

> *What do you think of the osu!taiko and its community in its current state?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*What do you think of osu!taiko and its community in its current state?*
```

> Recently there have been a lot of surprising events such as no mod pp record and for the first time the 2nd place in TWC is a non-Asian country, but on the other hand, there have been more and more discussions and problems about SR issues and pp.
>
> I believe that it's difficult for all players to get along, but we hope that many players will be able to interact and get along with players from all over the world through this game!

> *Any advices you would give to people who want to or just started playing osu!taiko?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Any advice you would give to people who want to or just started playing osu!taiko?*
```

> It's very difficult for someone just starting out to improve quickly, although there are individual differences.
>
> What I think is important is to step up. I'm all about stepping up and having goals. Even small goals, such as FCing a map you like or reaching your pp goal, are fine.
>
> But the most important thing is to enjoy this game to the fullest, so don't forget to smile and do your best! I support all players!

> *What is your favorite osu!taiko score you’ve set?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*What is your favourite osu!taiko score you've set?*
```

> My favorite score is [Period. ~ Seishin no Kousoku to Jiyuu o Tsukamu Jouka [Inner Oni]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1871108211) where I have gotten PP record! This is the map I played the most and I think it is the record I am most proud of, as I was able to maintain a high acc while memorizing the placement of the notes!
>
> I also like the record of [rog-limitation [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1875291020) best on the converted map. These burst maps are recorded with a key-scrubbing play style and are very habit-forming to play! If you are concerned about the hand, please refer to [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UstoThJk02c)!

*Who would you call the best osu!taiko player(s) at the moment and why?*

> > The best player I can think of right now is [SilverTyrant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14356353). He also competed in TWC2024 and I think it's very cool that he has recorded great scores on various maps, not just speed maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The best player I can think of right now is [SilverTyrant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14356353). He also competed in TWC2024 and I think it's very cool that he has recorded great scores on various maps, not just speed maps.
>
```

> Especially [Kage no Nai Hito](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1519045#taiko/3110395)'s [DT record](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1876120539) is so crazy that no player will surpass his record anytime soon.
>
> In addition, [sourufire](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13249305) is probably the most growing of the Japanese players. His acc on the various speed maps is excellent and I look forward to competing with him in the future!

> *What do you feel is the most important aspect to keep motivation even when you are not improving and what keeps you specifically motivated to play?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*What do you feel is the most important aspect to keep motivation even when you are not improving, and what keeps you specifically motivated to play?*
```

> I make it a point to take a break when my motivation wanes and observe the records of other players. Seeing other players happy to score well often motivates me naturally.
>
> I also make it a point to play other games and create cool down time. Lately I have been playing VALORANT with friends. I'm not good at fps, so I always lose lol.

> *How do you feel about "skin exploits" like nobig and bignote skins? Do you think they give players an unfair advantage?*

Reviewer: would want either explanation for these two things in parentheses or pictures

Author: @Walavouchey it's basically skins where all notes are made to be the same size, either all big or all small, here's a link for ref: https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Skinning/osu%21taiko#notes

> I can't go into too much depth because I have several records of bignotes skins being used, but I do believe that there should be firm guidelines for skins in the future. I neither confirm nor deny this as each player has his/her own values, but I think players who do not use skins, which can make play easier, will find it very unfair.
>
> Since lazer is currently under development, I believe that adding features such as limiting the maximum size of the skin's knots would help to resolve this issue.

> *Do you play any other rhythm games besides osu!?*

Reviewer: to avoid "!?"

```suggestion
*Aside from osu!, do you play any other rhythm games?*
```

> > Recently I have been playing Sound Voltex. I'm by no means a good player, but I try to enjoy playing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Recently I have been playing Sound Voltex. I'm by no means a good player, but I try to enjoy playing!
>
```

>
> In addition, [sourufire](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13249305) is probably the most growing of the Japanese players. His acc on the various speed maps is excellent and I look forward to competing with him in the future!

*What do you feel is the most important aspect to keep motivation even when you are not improving, and what keeps you specifically motivated to play?*

> I make it a point to take a break when my motivation wanes and observe the records of other players. Seeing other players happy to score well often motivates me naturally.
>
> I also make it a point to play other games and create cool down time. Lately I have been playing VALORANT with friends. I'm not good at fps, so I always lose lol.

*How do you feel about "skin exploits" like nobig and bignote skins? Do you think they give players an unfair advantage?*

> I can't go into too much depth because I have several records of bignotes skins being used, but I do believe that there should be firm guidelines for skins in the future. I neither confirm nor deny this as each player has his/her own values, but I think players who do not use skins, which can make play easier, will find it very unfair.
>

> > Since lazer is currently under development, I believe that adding features such as limiting the maximum size of the skin's knots would help to resolve this issue.

Reviewer: .. typo? autocorrect? translation error?

```suggestion
> Since lazer is currently under development, I believe that adding features such as limiting the maximum size of the skin's sprites would help to resolve this issue.
```
